means : The green light means (that) we can cross the road.
fluency : Compared with his friend, he could speak Chinese with great fluency.
reform : The company decided to reform it's management structure.
geographic : Mountains,deserts,plains,and rainforests have different geographic features.
bridge : There is a small wooden bridge crossing the stream in the woods.
acquire : The boy acquired a new pair of shoes wiht his pocket money.
shed : The city trying to shed it's bad image from the past.
awareness : He tries to raise people's awareness of the importance of recyling.
adulthood : They remained good friends into adulthood.
extraordinary : Her little daughter has extraordinary musicl talent.
comfort : The woman tries to comfort her crying daughter.
automatic : The automatic production line improves the working efficiency greatly.
experience : That roller coaster ride was really a frightening experience.
misunderstanding : His description showed a complete misunderstanding of his book 
opinions : Different people have different opinions about the same thing 
government : The offices of the local government are in this building 
designer : I am a designer, I design clothes for women
cotton : Cotton feels soft and can bu used to make clothes
forum : The experts are sharing their knowledge at the forum
volcanic : The sky was clouded with smoke after the volcanic eruption
eruption : The sky was clouded with smoke after the volcanic eruption
doom : One bad move doomed him to failure in the chess competition.
recent : There are my recent  photos.
otherwise : Take care ! Otherwise you will fall down!
temporary : The tent on the car is a temporary home for us.
outward : We all enjoy this outward journey.
instruction : She follows the instructions to take her medicine.
margin : I often make notes in the margin.
principle : Our business success is based on four fundamental principles.
determined : He is really determined to stop his bad habits and get fit.
sense  : I'm blind, but I can read this book by using my sense of touch.
claim : I want to make an insurance claim for the damage of my car.
bias : I have bias towards spicy foods because I come from Sichuan province.crossing : The sign shows a man walking on the crossing.
educator : Confucius is a famous educator in ancient China.
regardless : She goes for running regardless of the cold weather.
appearance : I'm interested in your personality than your appearance.
control : The little boy can control the direction of his toy car.
odds : The odds of winning the prize draw is extremely low,around a million to one.
explanation : The boy is giving his explanation for why he arrived late for school.
admirable : He is an admirable policeman in my heart.
several : I have several apples for you!
council : The council members are currently holding a meeting.
fascination : These foreigners have a fascination for the pandas and hotpot.granted : Granted,the oranges taste delicious,but I don't have any money to buy them.
commitment : They made a commitment to each other at their wedding ceremony.alcoholic : An alcoholic often drinks too much and has difficutly stopping.
employee : The employee felt very happy when his boss praised him.
journey : The family is going on a journey soon.
limitation : There's a limitation on what he can see.
yet : I studied hard,yet I still failed the exam.
superior : The people on the left have to listen to their superior.
economy : The economy is improving and people have more money.
digital : This is a black digital stopwatch.
flow : The river is flowing through the rocks.
rival : The two lions are rivals and will fight each other to become the new leader.
disability : His disability didn't stop him from running.
exposure : Because of exposure the sun,the corn is burnt.
tape : You can stick some tape to the wall to protect it while we paint.
quality : The quality of this spoon is too terrible!
grammatical : We should use established grammatical rules when writing sentences.
percent : The green part takes up 70 percent of pie chart.
cure : These pills will cure your sickness.
economic : It is important to keep a banlance between economic development and environment protection.
removal : The hair removal roller is useful.
trick : Children love to play tricks on Halloween.
qualification : It requires a nursing qualification to become a nurse.
widespread : My love story quickly became widespread through the Internet.
storage : The huge refrigerator has lots of storage space!
Considering : Considering she's only three,she can draw pretty well.
quite : The woman in the front is quite tall compared to the woman behind.
harmless : Some bacteria are harmless to the hunman body adn even help keep us healthy.
initial : The initial letter of this word is "a".
engagement : We announced our engagement last week,so now everybody knows we're getting married.
solid : This safe is very solid.
recording : we can transfer your old sound recording onto a CD so you can listen to it at home.
historical : This book is all about historical buildings in China.
composition : Beethoven's compositions are great works.
average : His height equals the average of his parents' heights.
rescue : The fireman rescued the little boy from the fire.
battle : The knight killed many enemies bravely in the battle.
spokespersion : The worker's spokesperson gave a speech against compulsory unpaid overtime.
faculty : The offical website of the Law School shows a profile for the faculty.
infection : This poor guy has a really terrible lung infection.
remarkable : Alex's performance has been remarkable in recent months.
quantity : The woman received a large quantity of beautiful roses.
carpenter : The carpenter is making wooden furniture.
